# Introduction
Bittensor is a mining network, similar to Bitcoin, that includes built-in incentives designed to encourage computers to provide access to machine learning models in an efficient and censorship-resistant manner. These models can be queried by users seeking outputs from the network, for instance; generating text, audio, and images, or for extracting numerical representations of these input types a.k.a embeddings. 

Under the hood, Bittensor’s economic market, is facilitated by a blockchain token mechanism, through which producers ([miners](#mining.md)) and the verification of the work done by those miners ([validators](#validating.md)) are rewarded. Miners host, train or otherwise procure machine learning systems into the network as a means of fulfilling the verification problems defined by the validators, like the ability to generate responses from prompts i.e. “What is the capital of Texas? and making them available to [clients](#clients.md). 

The token based mechanism under which the miners are incentivized ensures that they are constantly driven to make their knowledge output more useful, in terms of speed, intelligence and diversity. The value generated by the network is distributed directly to the individuals producing that value, without intermediarias. Anyone can participate in this endeavour, extract value from the network, and govern Bittensor. The network is open to all participants, and no individual or group has full control over what is learned, who can profit from it, or who can access it.

To jump in, there are three primary ways to interact with Bittensor which this documentation covers. For users, researchers or companies, seeking to access bittensor directly you can do so using Bittensor's client facing APIs some of which are explained in [clients](#clients.md).
```bash
In [4]: llm( "Heraclitus was a ?" )
Out[4]: 'Greek philosopher known for his doctrine of change and the famous quote, "No man ever steps in the same river twice."'
```
For those looking to mine Bittensor, for instance, an individual contributing compute, expertise or innovative value into Bittensor and looking to get paid for it, see [mining](#mining.md).
```bash
bittensor/
    neurons/
        text_prompting/
            miners/
                GPT4ALL/
                    neuron.py
```
Or as a [validator](#validating.md), tao holders looking to govern Bittensor directly and use the network at its full capactiy bandwidth and fidelity.
```bash
bittensor/
    neurons/
        text_to_embedding/
        text_prompting/
            validators/
                core/
                    neuron.py
```

However, in all cases, you'll need to first install bittensor --> 