# The Protocol

There are two types of [nodes](src/../nested/Glossary.md#miner/neuron/peer/node) that comprise the network: Servers and Validators. The Validators are tasked with “validating” the performance of the Servers, prompting them for information and assessing them according to their responses. These assessments are then relayed to the network blockchain, [Nakamoto](src/../nested/Glossary.md#nakamoto), where currency is distributed. Servers, on the other hand, are responsible for optimizing their responses so that they can compete with other Servers in the system for positive assessments, and therefore [currency](src/../nested/Glossary.md#tao). The best performing Servers will recieve a larger portion of the limited supply of minted Tao.


Each validation process begins when a Validator locates a Server in the network and sends its input in the form of tokenized text, also referred to as **tokens**. The Server then responds with [**logits**](src/../nested/Glossary.md#logits), which represent their best attempt at [**next token prediction** (NTP)](src/../nested/Glossary.md#next-token-prediction). This constitutes the central value-producing activity of the network. The Validator will then score each Server according to their response, using a series of information-based processes and game theoretic strategies to determine the usefulness of the information received. 

As a user, when you register in the network you can choose which role you wish you play. Your node will be fashioned in the a model, a wallet (containing two keys) and a custom dataset, at which point you will be ready to participate and contribute knowledge to the network. 
